Node metrics tutorial (#1041)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/tutorials/get-started/monitor.md

## Visualizing Prometheus metrics with Grafana

> Once you have Grafana running, navigate to it in a browser (**the default is https://localhost:3000/**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you start Grafana, you can navigate to it in a browser.

1.  Open a browser and navigate to the port Grafana uses.
     By default, the URL is https://localhost:3000/**). 
```

Reviewer: Can you convert these to actual steps, please?

> Log in (default user `admin` and password `admin`) and navigate to the data sources page at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in using the default user `admin` and password `admin` and navigate to the data sources page at
```

Reviewer: Try to avoid using parenthetical content, please.

`localhost:3000/datasources`.

You then need to select a `Prometheus` data source type and specify where Grafana needs to look for it.

> The Prometheus port Grafana needs is NOT the one you set in the `prometheus.yml` file (http://localhost:9615) for where your node is publishing it's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prometheus port Grafana needs is NOT the one you set in the `prometheus.yml` file (http://localhost:9615) for where your node is publishing its data.
```

> With both the Substrate node and Prometheus running, configure Grafana to look for Prometheus on it's default port: http://localhost:9090 (unless you customized it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both the Substrate node and Prometheus running, configure Grafana to look for Prometheus on its default port http://localhost:9090 or the port you configured if you customized it.
```

> Click `Save & Test` to ensure that you have the data source set correctly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save & Test** to ensure that you have the data source set correctly. 
```

Now you can configure a new dashboard.

### Template Grafana Dashboard

> If you would like a basic dashboard to start [here is a template example](../../../../../..//content/media/images/docs/tutorials/06-visualize-node-metrics/substrate-node-template-metrics.json) that you can `Import` in Grafana to get basic information about your node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like a basic dashboard to start you can import the following template to get basic information about your node:
```
I don't there's much value in referencing it and then displaying.

Author: We need to give this file to them, it's not an image, just how you have this repo structured there is no code assets files yet. It's a stop gap.

> ![Grafana Dashboard](../../../../../../content/media/images/docs/tutorials/06-visualize-node-metrics/grafana.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Grafana Dashboard](/media/images/docs/tutorials/visualize-node-metrics/grafana.png)
```
I think this path should work if you rename the folder
